Two eyes active in social
and national work. I am from Akkah, from Palestine. My family was displaced
from 8. I have a lot of great hope for their return, in connection with
the situation that is happening after the Al-Aqsa Flood Battle. The
Palestinian issue has returned to being the
central issue on the world level. That is, how much we have
heard about it. It has become a presence in forums
and institutions.
Universality, because in the end, it is certain that the right is
Palestinian. I do not go. I mean, we are seeing demonstrations
in European countries. How active they are,
perhaps especially in the recent period. This is instead of how much
the world is with us, how much has understood, and how much has become
aware and cultured of the Palestinian issue. There was
recognition from Ireland, from Spain, from Norway, of
the State of Palestine, and this is certain.  The thing is, I am saying that I
strengthen the legitimacy of the State of Palestine, and by the way, not
only women and men. I see when I see
children, how children speak, they
speak with the tongue of adults, they have become understanding, they have become aware,
they have a sense of national belonging, they are able to
express themselves, they are able to say, I want to defend, I am
with my land, I am with my homeland.  I will not dispense with my land,
nor will I dispense with my country. We all wish, as Palestinians in
the diaspora, that we would be with them, that we would be able to
do something with them. I mean steadfastness. I see it as
legendary steadfastness, a steadfastness that I have not seen in any state or in any other country.
Despite everything that is happening, the right to you has not been diminished,
nor has our return with faith prevailed.
The children wake up when I see them in
pieces. I see any fragments in them, meaning they cannot blame them. I mean, they are scenes
and no human being or any mind can bear that I am
seeing them. And here one feels helpless at times, but
we come back stronger again. We stand up
again
and say we will be victorious after what comes.  Victory, God willing